fix(rsvp image): Fix rsvp header image attachment. (#1486)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [4.11.1] TBD =

> * Fix - Fix the header-image attachement for RSVP blocks [137243]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Fix the header image attachment handling for RSVP blocks [137243]
```
